# Benefits of This Structure
Setting your models up in this way might seem a bit complex and convoluted, especially if you’re new to Go, but as our application continues to grow 
it should start to become clearer why we’re structuring things the way we are.

If you take a step back, you might be able to see a few benefits emerging:
- There’s a clean separation of concerns. Our database logic isn’t tied to our handlers which means that handler responsibilities are limited to HTTP stuff (i.e. validating requests and writing responses) 
  This will make it easier to write tight, focused, unit tests in the future.

- By creating a custom SnippetModel type and implementing methods on it we’ve been able to make our model a single, neatly encapsulated object, 
  which we can easily initialize and then pass to our handlers as a dependency. Again, this makes for easier to maintain, testable code.

- Because the model actions are defined as methods on an object — in our case SnippetModel — there’s the opportunity to create an interface and mock it for unit testing purposes.

We have total control over which database is used at runtime, just by using the command-line flag.

And finally, the directory structure scales nicely if your project has multiple back ends. For example, if some of your data is held in Redis you could put all the models for it in a pkg/models/redis package.

====================================
Let’s quickly discuss the sql.Result interface returned by DB.Exec(). This provides two methods:

LastInsertId() — which returns the integer (an int64) generated by the database in response to a command. Typically this will be from an “auto increment” column when inserting a new row, which is exactly what’s happening in our case.

RowsAffected() — which returns the number of rows (as an int64) affected by the statement.

Important: Not all drivers and databases support the LastInsertId() and RowsAffected() methods. For example, LastInsertId() is not supported by PostgreSQL. So if you’re planning on using these methods it’s important to check the documentation for your particular driver first.




https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/